sonar: document HTTP API (swagger.json) and move API section (#73)
waterlinked/docs: docs/sonar-3d/sonar-3d-15-api.md

---

### Network
By default, the Sonar 3D-15 uses **UDP Multicast** (`224.0.0.96:4747`), so any device on the local network can receive RIP1 packets without knowing the sonar’s IP.

> The Sonar can also be configured for UDP unicast, or to disable UDP packet sending. See HTTP API.

Author: ```suggestion
The Sonar can also be configured for UDP unicast, or to disable sending of UDP packets. See HTTP API.
```
